yeah this is recap preps y'all been wait
for it and it's finally time for us to
finish the Infinity Saga
it's Avengers infinity war and Avengers
and game comin at you real fast whatever
its face yo here we go
Ragnarok had a hopeful close forget that
now those bros a toast let's grab the
baddie from Avengers 1 cuz lavenders
daddy's on the scavenger hunt banner
comes to beneath the stairs there's a
battle in robes and athleisure where
magic and nanotech finally comes
swinging in then they go to space in the
Hulk stays in pretend cut the vet knee
and Olson in Scotland Courtney's
interrupt steve's beard stops um Steve's
beer so fully clean those beautiful
bristles own every scene Thor's in on
the Guardian experience gets 20/20 sees
giant Aryan mechanics with the help of
fever dream team star-crossed fit and
the arm of the tree team the more I
can't give her dad to slip toward about
the power of an acid trip Red Skull
Sherpas upon in the worst way
crappy Etta take you down of the workday
now strange is feeling the vibes lots of
water forty million six hundred five
ganging up on a knows everybody hold on
almost got it but quill is a [ __ ] what
kind of opens up CGI war book II rocket
double scar the storm breaking Thor
visions fine fret to complete the set
then an axe to the chest should've gone
for the head oh snap
I mean he said he would mr. stark I
don't feel so good Jerry sends a page
right before he kicks the bucket
Thanos his boot but Posey productive
No
Oh
say hello and goodbye to the Barton
snippet Tony saved by deus ex Larsen
Dennis SB time before the avenging go
for the head no he's that one landing JK
now it's been five years they've lost so
much pudding Steve's beard grant hits a
button Scotty's in the fray on his Paul
Rudd game eight aged a day
it's a heist round up the squad Thor's
rocking divorced uncle bod pob guys
raging in the Tokyo nightlife whole
course sweater ScarJo has highlights but
Tony settle down for once til he sees a
photo of a surrogate son he does the
science and joins a plan
flashback time and you're welcome fans
2012 that was a [ __ ] familiar enemies
[ __ ] Stephen thieves and it's back to
the 70s on Kenny p.m. aged accurate
Carter Tony offers fatherly advice to
his father emotional judo for the
powerless people RIF Black Widow kiss
we'll see you in the prequel Odin has
been a CCTV hooks not go Danis want a
repeat beefcake battle flying fists of
fury feel the rattle your cap is worthy
important circles for a man getting
through the man tolls that cheering guns
some nipples turn great Tuggle flying
machines ladies in the mix here we go
Yas Queen gauntlet rugby here's the one
and only chance
I'm inevitable I'm Iron Man
santoni's heart out adrift on the lake
no one RSVP'd note at the wake breaking
new ground and univers found in lucky
3000 that in counting cat takes the
stones back ever so dutiful gave life a
chance and why not it's so beautiful
locked in his legacy oh but beyond that
evans better have faux beard in his
contract that was the infinity saga
y'all and this is recap brats
but this journey is far from over they
got at least a dozen spin-offs sequels
prequels across every conceivable media
platform you get ready to marvel till
you die y'all
[Music]
hey everyone brian here thanks so much
for watching don't forget you can
download and stream this and other recap
wraps by just clicking the link up here
or give us watch another video by
clicking down here and I guess this time
for me to get snapped away then huh
what's that Widow my budget for it I'm
walking